[16.0][ADD] sale_pricelist_display_surcharge (#2629)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_pricelist_display_surcharge/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> In standard Odoo only display the discount if it benefices the customer.
> In the case of wanting to always show the discount (for example a surcharge),
> this module allows to choose if show or not the customer the discount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In standard Odoo the discount is only displayed if it benefits the customer.
In the case of wanting to always show the discount (for example a surcharge),
this module allows to choose whether to show or not.
```

Author: Done!
